readme.md, before:

- Strategy 1
All in one
Related entities are embedded into the top level documents (student will contain the related parent, and the related parent will contain the related payments etc.)

- Strategy 2
100% Referencing
Cons: lot of work for programmers
enforce references intergrity
lots of work to query relationships

- Strategy 3
Prerequisite: You must have done the UI/UX planning first, down to the content of each screen


Accessing the database
Whenever you reopen the gitpod server. There is a need to run this piece of code 'sudo dpkg -i mongosh.deb' in the terminal 

To connect to the mongo database, you will need to use the connection string under database and put the data string into the terminal followed by the passward 'haha123'
You should be seeing "Atlas atlas-fi1sr9-shard-0 [primary]" when you are connected to the database. 

To get the connection string, you will need to go under 'database' then under 'database deployments' and then 'connect' and 'shell' - the connection string will be there
An alternate way to get this is going to go to 'database' and under 'database deplyments' and look for 'drivers'. The connection string is there

mongodb+srv://root:<password>@testing-database-for-ke.m639ryv.mongodb.net/?retryWrites=true&w=majority

To exit the database key in "control+c" in the terminal

Go to browse collections to see all the sample databases

Commit message:

Updating steps for .env file and getting the server to work

readme.md, after:

- Strategy 1
All in one
Related entities are embedded into the top level documents (student will contain the related parent, and the related parent will contain the related payments etc.)

- Strategy 2
100% Referencing
Cons: lot of work for programmers
enforce references intergrity
lots of work to query relationships

- Strategy 3
Prerequisite: You must have done the UI/UX planning first, down to the content of each screen


Accessing the database
Whenever you reopen the gitpod server. There is a need to run this piece of code 'sudo dpkg -i mongosh.deb' in the terminal 

To connect to the mongo database, you will need to use the connection string under database and put the data string into the terminal followed by the passward 'haha123'
You should be seeing "Atlas atlas-fi1sr9-shard-0 [primary]" when you are connected to the database. 

To get the connection string, you will need to go under 'database' then under 'database deployments' and then 'connect' and 'shell' - the connection string will be there
An alternate way to get this is going to go to 'database' and under 'database deplyments' and look for 'drivers'. The connection string is there

mongodb+srv://root:<password>@testing-database-for-ke.m639ryv.mongodb.net/?retryWrites=true&w=majority

KEY THING TO NOTE 
When you restart your terminal after a long time. You might have to reinstall the package for dotenv again. You can do this by keying in 'yarn add dotenv' and followed by creating a '.env' file again to place the connection string within the .env file. 

MONGO_URL="mongodb+srv://root:haha123@testing-database-for-ke.m639ryv.mongodb.net/?retryWrites=true&w=majority"

To exit the database key in "control+c" in the terminal

Go to browse collections to see all the sample databases
